---
name: Organizational Restructuring
history:
- Created by Proposal 7793 (ais523, aranea, G.), 28 October 2015
text: |
  Charter is an Organization switch, tracked by the Secretary in
  eir monthly report, whose legal values are texts, and with
  default value "An amendment to this Organization is Appropriate
  if intent to perform it was announced between 4 and 14 days ago,
  and no members of the Organization have publicly objected to it
  since."

  A change to an instance of a Budget or Charter switch is known
  as an "amendment" to the Organization to which that instance of
  the switch applies. Each amendment to an Organization is
  considered to be either Appropriate or Inappropriate. An
  Organization's Charter SHOULD contain a method of determining
  the appropriateness of amendments to that Organization.

  If a Charter does not specify the appropriateness of an
  amendment to its Organization, or if it attempts to specify the
  appropriateness of such an amendment but in a way that is
  unclear, ambiguous, circular, inconsistent, paradoxical, or that
  depends on information that is impossible or unreasonably
  difficult to determine, the amendment is Inappropriate;
  otherwise, it is Appropriate if and only if the Charter
  specifies that it is.

  Organizations can be amended as follows:

  1. A member of an Organization CAN flip that Organization's
     Charter by announcement, if doing so is Appropriate, and that
     member is not on Lockout.
  2. Any player CAN flip a Budget Switch by announcement, if doing
     so is Appropriate and the player is not on Lockout, except
     where other rules prevent this.
  3. A member of an Organization CAN flip that Organization's
     Charter without objection, even if doing so is Inappropriate,
     as long as that member is not on Lockout. Players SHOULD only
     use this mechanism to recover from situations where the
     Charter is underspecified or has unintended effects.
id: 2460
rev: 0
power: 1.2
annotations: []
