id: 2612
name: Bodies of Law
power: 3.0
text: |
  A body of law is a collection of related instruments and bodies of
  law whose effects are collective and possibly interdependent, and
  which is defined as such by a body of law. The statutes of Agora
  form a body of law with unlimited scope, where each statute is a
  single instrument in that body of law. All other bodies of law are
  defined by a different body of law, in such a way as to be able to
  trace their origins back to the statutes of Agora. Two or more
  bodies of law may jointly define another body of law, but only
  each of them clearly expresses the intent to participate in a
  joint definition with each of the others. Otherwise, the
  definitions are separate, distinct, and unrelated.

  A body of law is governed by all bodies of law which, directly or
  indirectly, participate in its definition, as well as any body of
  law specified as governing it by any of its governing law. A body
  of law is subordinate to the law that governs it, other than
  itself, and a body of law is superior to the law that it governs,
  other than itself. For greater certainty, rules to the contrary
  notwithstanding, the statutes of Agora govern all law and are
  governed by no law except themselves, and no body of law can be
  both subordinate to and superior to another.

  With respect to interactions between separate bodies of law, a
  body of law is generally to be interpreted as acting harmoniously
  as a single whole. The precedence between, and organization of,
  instruments in a body of law are internal matters to that body of
  law and generally do not affect the effect of other bodies of
  law, except to the extent that they affect the body's operation
  as a whole.

  The definition of a body of law includes the definition if its
  scope, being the areas of the game that it governs. By
  definition, the scope of a body of law is no greater than the
  union of the scopes of the bodies of law that define it, nor does
  it include anything which would bring it into direct conflict
  with superior law. To the extent that a body of law's scope is
  not explicitly defined by superior law, it is as broad as
  possible while excluding any effect on any substantive aspect of
  any body of law, besides itself, that it does not govern.

  Every instrument is a direct member of exactly one body of law; if
  not specified in its definition, it is a body of law in itself. A
  given fixation of text may, however, be the text of multiple
  instruments, each in different bodies of law. The scope of an
  instrument is the scope of the body of law it forms a part of. To
  the extent that the provisions of an instrument are outside its
  scope, they are void and without effect.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2020-03-21
  agent:
    proposal: "8354"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2020-09-25
  agent:
    proposal: "8501"
annotations: []
