id: 2613
name: Effects of Instruments
power: 3.0
text: |
  An instrument's effect is defined by its text, as amended from
  time to time in accordance with the law governing its operation. A
  "substantive" aspect of an instrument is any aspect that affects
  the instrument's operation. If an instrument's text contains
  clearly marked comments then, they have no effect on its
  interpretation or operation except as that instrument itself
  specifies, although they remain part of its text. For the purposes
  of rules concerning the methods by which actions are performed, an
  instrument taking effect is such a method.

  An enduring instrument is one that it is always taking effect, to
  the extent it is permitted to so by the Rules and any other
  applicable instruments. An enduring instrument is always speaking;
  uses of the present tense in an enduring instrument are
  interpreted contextually according to the applicable rules of
  interpretation.

  An ephemeral instrument is one that takes effect only briefly, to
  effect a number of changes on the game. When it takes effect, the
  changes specified in its text are applied, provided that the
  instrument is not prohibited from doing so. Unless otherwise
  specified by the instrument or by its governing law, the
  provisions of an instrument are applied sequentially and
  independently, in the sense that the success or failure of each
  provision does not depend directly on the success or failure of
  any other provision.

  An ephemeral instrument has no ongoing effect, except to the
  extent that the changes it makes have ongoing consequences. It
  cannot, except by way of an enduring instrument, extend or delay
  its own effect. An ephemeral instrument CAN, where explicitly
  permitted to do so by the law governing it, override the effect of
  an enduring instrument within its scope by modifying, suppressing,
  or postponing it. Such an override is INEFFECTIVE unless the
  nature and scope of the override are clearly specified either in
  the governing law or, where so authorized by the governing law, in
  the instrument itself.

  An instrument or body of law is not, except where it specifies
  otherwise, bound by or restricted in any way by any subordinate
  law and implicitly overrides and takes precedence over all
  provisions, including outright prohibitions or definitions, of all
  subordinate law.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2020-03-21
  agent:
    proposal: "8354"
- change:
    type: repeal
  date: 2021-02-11
  agent:
    proposal: "8539"
annotations: []
