id: 2655
name: The Mad Engineer
power: 1
text: |
  The Mad Engineer is an office; its holder is responsible for
  building and maintaining the Device.  The device is a singleton
  switch with values off (default) and on.  The Mad Engineer CAN
  flip the device to either on or off with Agoran Consent; any other
  player CAN do so with 2 Agoran Consent.

  The Mad Engineer CAN act on behalf of the device to take any
  action that the device may take, and SHALL act on behalf of the
  device to ensure that the device fulfills all of its duties.

  The Mad Engineer's weekly duties include the performance of the
  following tasks, in order:

  a) Randomly select exactly one rule.  If the selected rule is
  either this rule or the rule "The Device", then 007 has been
  spotted near the self-destruct button; skip directly to announcing
  intent, below.

  b) Select one or more contiguous sentences from the selected rule.

  c) Select exactly one noun from the selected text, and replace
  each instance of that noun with "Device" (including grammatical
  variations, e.g. replacing "<noun>'s" with "Device's").

  d) Announce intent to, with Agoran Consent, cause this rule to
  amend the rule "The Device" by inserting the modified text as the
  last list item in either the "device on" or "device off" lists in
  that rule (or, if 007 has been spotted, to repeal both that rule
  and this one).  This intent announcement counts as the Mad
  Engineers's weekly report.

  If the announcement of intent above is made with the procedure
  described above, the Mad Engineer CAN, with Agoran Consent, cause
  this rule to amend the rule "The Device" as indicated (or, if 007
  has been spotted, cause this rule to repeal both that rule and
  this one), and SHALL do so if the intent receives sufficient
  support.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2021-08-30
  agent:
    proposal: "8599"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2021-09-24
  agent:
    proposal: "8605"
annotations: []
