id: 2675
name: Dream of Wandering
power: 2
text: |
  The Dream Keeper is an office; its holder is responsible for
  keeping track of the dreams of all active players.

  Dream is a secured active player switch, tracked by the Dream
  Keeper in eir weekly report, with possible values any Dream,
  defaulting to Wandering.

  An active player CAN "envision" eir own Dream, specifying any
  valid value for eir Dream, by announcement. When the rules state
  that the wandering occurs, every active player's Dream is set to
  the value e most recently envisioned. If a player did not envision
  a dream since the last wandering, it is not flipped.

  A wandering occurs at the beginning of each week.

  The following is an exhaustive list of all Dreams and the rules
  relevant to each dream:

  - Wandering: This dream has no effect.

  - Charity: The Charity Item is the item type that the L&FD owns
    the most of (if there is a tie, the first the L&FD owned, and if
    still tied, the first alphabetically). Immediately after a
    wandering, for each player with the Charity Dream, in reverse
    order of when eir Dream was last flipped (and in reverse order
    of registration if tied), one item of the Charity type is
    transferred from the L&FD to em.

  - Justice: Immediately after a wandering, 1 blot is expunged from
    each player with the Justice Dream. If a player with the Justice
    Dream had no blots immediately after a wandering, e CAN once
    expunge one blot, by announcement, from a specified player
    before the next wandering.

  - Sharing: Immediately after a wandering, each player with the
    Sharing Dream has eir points increased by X / Y, rounded down,
    where X is half the number of active players, rounded up, and Y
    is the number of players with the Sharing Dream.

  - Wealth: Immediately after a wandering, X stamps of eir own type
    are granted to each player with the Wealth Dream. When less than
    8 Stamps of eir type exist, X is 2. When 8 to 15 Stamps of eir
    type exist, X is 1. When 16 ore more Stamps of eir type exist, X
    is 0.

  - Machinery: A player with the Machinery Dream CAN Flip the Device
    with Agoran Consent. A player with the Machinery Dream CAN take
    a specified action on behalf of the the device with 1 support.

  - Gardens: Once per week, a player with the Gardens Dream CAN, by
    announcement, transfer the mossiest stone (if there is a tie,
    then a specified stone tied for mossiest) Agora owns to emself.
    E SHOULD specify the stone when doing so.

  - Power: The voting strength of a player with the Power Dream has
    eir voting strength increased by 2 for referenda on ordinary
    proposals.

  - Revolution: A revolution is happening if the majority of Dreams
    are set to Revolution. Immediately after a wandering, if a
    revolution is not happening, then all players with the
    Revolution Dream have eir score decreased by 1 to a minimum of
    0. Immediately after a wandering, if a revolution is happening,
    then all players have eir score set to 100-X, where X was eir
    score when the wandering occured, and all player's Dreams are
    set to Wandering.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2022-08-14
  agent:
    proposal: "8826"
- change:
    type: power-change
    old-power: 1
    new-power: 2
  date: 2022-08-30
  agent:
    proposal: "8844"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2022-11-13
  agent:
    proposal: "8863"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2022-12-11
  agent:
    proposal: "8872"
