id: 2696
name: Bang actions
power: 1.0
text: |
  While the match state is ongoing, a player CAN by announcement
  load a round, specifying a document (the sealed orders), provided
  that e has not done so in the current Agoran week.

  While the match state is ongoing, a player CAN by announcement
  fire a round, specifying a document (the revealed orders),
  provided that all of the following are true:
  * E was an alive player at the beginning of the current Agoran
    week.
  * E has not done so in the current Agoran week.
  * In the previous Agoran week, e loaded a round with sealed orders
    that are a fingerprint for the revealed orders.
  * The order list explicitly and unconditionally specifies a single
    clear, unambiguous, and unconditional list of persons to target
    (the target list).

  When a player (the shooter) fires a round, sequentially for each
  person (the target) in the target list, if the shooter has at
  least two bangs and was alive at the beginning of the week, and
  the target was an alive player at the beginning of the week, then
  two of the shooter's bangs are destroyed, after which the target
  is eliminated.


  When a person is eliminated, if e is an alive player then the
  following happen in order:
  * Eir vitality is flipped to unalive.
  * E gains one bang.

  A player who loaded a round in one Agoran week SHALL, within the
  first four days of the next Agoran week, fire a round, provided
  the match state has not changed during either period; failure to
  do so is the class 1 infraction of wasting ammunition.

  If the match state is ongoing and has not changed in the past 7
  days, and if no player has loaded a round or fired a round in this
  Agoran week or the previous two Agoran weeks, then any player CAN
  flip the match state to none by announcement.

  If the match state is initializing and has not changed in the past
  28 days, then any player CAN flip the match state to none by
  announcement.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2024-07-19
  agent:
    proposal: "9143"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2024-08-11
  agent:
    proposal: "9149"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2024-09-22
  agent:
    proposal: "9179"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2024-09-22
  agent:
    proposal: "9180"
