id: 2493
name: Regulations
power: 3.1
text: |
  A Regulation is an textual entity defined as such by this rule. A
  regulation allows an officer (known as the Promulgator) to
  exercise rule defined powers. A regulation is in effect
  continuously from the time of its creation to the time of either
  its revocation or the repeal of the rule that allowed for its
  creation. When recommending a regulation, its Promulgator must
  specify by number the rule(s) upon which it is based (the parent
  rules), the list of which becomes an integral part of the
  regulation. The list of rules can generally be modified by the
  Promulgator according to the procedure for text changes.

  A regulation must be authorized by at least one rule in order for
  it to exist. A regulation has effect on the game (only) insofar as
  the rule or rules that authorized it permit it to have effect. If
  reasonably possible, a regulation should be interpreted so as to
  defer to other rules. The procedure for resolving conflict between
  regulations is the same as it is for rules (for the purposes of
  resolving conflicts only, a regulation is treated as if it had the
  power of its least powerful parent rule).

  Regulations are generally issued according to the following
  procedures, and they can be repealed by the announcement of their
  Promulgator. Alternate procedures may be used if provided for by
  all of the regulations's parent rules. If one parent rule
  specifies procedures that are more stringent than those that the
  other(s) specifies, those apply. Creating, modifying, revoking, or
  allowing for a regulation is secured at power 1.

  A regulation (or set of regulations), authorized by another rule,
  CAN generally be enacted or modified by its promulgator without 2
  objections, or with Agoran consent. A notice pursuant to the
  previous sentence is known as a "recommendation", and the
  regulation(s) are said to be "recommended" to Agora.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2017-06-27
  agent:
    proposal: "7865"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2017-09-26
  agent:
    proposal: "7888"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2017-10-22
  agent:
    proposal: "7925"
annotations: []
keywords: []
