---
name: Contract Lifecycle
history:
- Created by Proposal 7924 "Contracts v8" (Aris, o, G., ais523, Gaelan, 天火狐, Cuddle Beam, V.J. Rada, Trigon, Alexis, P.S.S.), 22 October 2017
text: |
  A person CAN create a contract by announcement by transferring 1
  shiny to Agora, specifying the contract's text. A person SHALL NOT
  create more than X (where X is the contract limit) contracts per
  week by this method, and the Notary CAN destroy any excess (i.e.
  beyond the X permitted) contracts by announcement within 7 days of
  the contract's formation, but only if the contract(s) were excess
  at the time of their creation.

  The contract limit is an untracked singleton switch, defaulting to
  3, with possible values of any integer between 3 and 7. The
  contract limit can be set to any valid value in a regulation
  promulgated by the Notary. The amendment limit is an untracked
  singleton switch, with possible values of integers greater than or
  equal to 5, or positive infinity (default). The amendment limit
  can be set in a regulation promulgated by the Notary.

  The person or persons who create a contract CAN and SHOULD also
  specify a name for the contract; if e does not do so, the Notary
  CAN and SHALL assign a name in a timely fashion.

  A contract CAN amend, destroy, or retitle itself by announcement.
  A player CAN amend, destroy, or retitle a contract without
  objection, even if its text denies em the ability to do so.
  Players SHOULD only use this mechanism to recover from situations
  where the contract is underspecified or has unintended effects.

  The Notary CAN by regulation stop the same contract from amending
  or retitling itself more than Y times (where Y is the amendment
  limit limit) combined times per Agoran day; e CANNOT stop a
  contract from being destroyed, or from being retitled or amended
  by any other means.

  If a contract has fulfilled its purpose, does not specify any
  gamestate affecting statements, or otherwise seems unlikely to be
  used, the Notary CAN and SHOULD destroy it with Agoran Consent.
  Any player CAN destroy a contract with 2 Agoran Consent. Players
  SHOULD NOT use the methods in this paragraph to further their
  private interests.

  If the possibility of any action defined by this rule is
  indeterminate, or is subject to a inextricable conditional, it is
  impossible.
id: 2522
rev: 0
power: 2.5
annotations: []
