id: 2525
name: Interpreting Contracts
power: 2.6
text: |
  A contract should generally be interpreted according to its text,
  including any clauses giving directions for its interpretation or
  construction. Additionally, justice, the intent of the contract's
  parties, and the principles governing rule interpretation should
  be reasonably applied when interpreting a contract.

  A contract is subservient to the rules. Although a contract may
  specify obligations or powers beyond those created by the rules, a
  contract may not override the rules: in particular, any provision
  of a contract that would unreasonably violate an inalienable right
  of players and/or persons or cause any rule defined statement
  about the gamestate, or about the possibility of an action, to
  become false is void and without effect insofar as it does so.

  The following are protected actions:

  1. Registering and deregistering;
 
  2. Submitting, pending, or voting freely on a proposal, but only
     if the sole effect the proposal would have if adopted is to
     create, modify, or destroy a contract or group of contracts, or
     to cause an entity or group of entities to become or cease to
     be a contract or group of contracts;

  3. Creating, destroying, or amending a contract, intending to do
     so, and supporting, objecting to, or resolving such an intent,
     except where the mechanism for destruction or amendment is
     created by the contract itself;

  4. Making true statements about a contract;

  5. Calling, judging, assigning, or freely discussing a CFJ;

  6. Objecting to or supporting an intent to perform an action while
     Speaker;

  7. Using an executive order;

  8. Making, amending, revoking or calling in a pledge; and

  9. Any action affecting the status of a festival.

  Rules to the contrary notwithstanding, a contract CANNOT compel,
  forbid, or in any significant way alter, tamper with, or modify
  the performance of a protected action. A contract CANNOT punish a
  player for performing or failing to perform a protected action, or
  for doing so in a particular manner, except where it would
  otherwise be ILLEGAL. A contract also CANNOT enable a person to do
  any of the things prohibited to the contract by this paragraph.
  Insofar as a contract or a provision or clause of a contract
  contravenes the letter or clear intent of this rule, it is void
  and without effect.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2017-10-22
  agent:
    proposal: "7924"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2018-02-06
  agent:
    proposal: "8007"
annotations: []
