id: 2540
name: Political Elections
power: 2
text: |
  For each Post, Vote for <Post> is a secured Politician switch
  tracked by the Clork, with possible values all Politicians and
  undecided (default).

  The voting strength of a Politician for a Post is defined as
  follows:

  - For an election for Host, Politicians have strength equal to
    their Rank.

  - For an election for an Upper Echelon Post, the Host has strength
    4, and Upper Echelon Politicians have strength 2.

  - For an election for a Row Echelon Post, the Host has strength 3,
    Upper Echelon Politicians have strength 2, and Row Echelon
    politicians have strength 1.

  - The Organizer has voting strength 1 greater than e would have
    based on the above.

  The eligible Politicians in an election for a Post are all
  Politicians in the highest non-empty Echelon below that of the
  Post up for election. The number of votes cast for an eligible
  Politician in an election is the sum of voting strengths for that
  Post of all Politician voting for em; the number of votes cast for
  an ineligible Politician is 0.

  An election for a Post is resolvable if that Post is vacant, there
  is a single Politician with the most votes in that election, and
  either at least four days have passed since either the vacancy or
  since its previous occupant Announced Retirement, whichever was
  first, or if the leader has more votes than the Policitian with
  the second-most, plus the total voting strength of all undecided
  Politicians in that election. When an election for a Post is
  resolvable, any player CAN, by announcement, end the election and
  install the winning Politician (which must be specified or else
  the announcement is INEFFECTIVE) into the Post.

  If a Post is vacant and either has been so for seven days or more
  than eleven days have passed since its previous holder Announced
  Retirement, then the Host CAN and SHALL, in a timely fashion, by
  announcement end the election and install one of the Politicians
  with the most votes into the Post.

  When an election for a Post ends, all Vote switches for that Post
  are set to undecided.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
    power: 2
  date: 2017-11-21
  agent:
    proposal: "7968"
- change:
    type: repeal
  date: 2018-01-31
  agent:
    proposal: "7999"
annotations: []
keywords: []
