id: 2542
name: Favour Awards
power: 1
text: |
  The following officers CAN by announcement award Favours in the
  listed Parties, but SHALL NOT do so except as required by rule.

  - Arbitor and Referee: the Party holding Justice.

  - ADoP: the Party holding Efficiency.

  - Assessor: the Parties holding Legislation and Participation.

  - Clork: all Parties.

  When a player judges a CFJ, the Arbitor SHALL, in a timely
  fashion, award that player 3 Favours in the Party holding Justice.
  When a player's Finger-Pointing leads to a Card award, or when the
  Referee issues Summary Judgement, the Referee shall award a Favour
  in the Party holding Justice to the responsible player.

  Complexity is an office switch, tracked by the ADoP, with values 1
  (default), 2, and 3. The ADoP CAN, without 2 Objections, set the
  Complexity of an office. As part of eir weekly duties, the ADoP
  SHALL award to each officeholder a number of Favours in the Party
  holding Efficiency equal to the Complexity of that Office.

  Whenever the Assessor resolves an Agoran decision:

  - If the decision was to adopt a proposal, and it was ADOPTED, e
    SHALL immediately award the proposal's author a number of
    Favours in the Party holding Legislation equal to the proposal's
    AI, rounded up.

  - For each voter who has not voted on an Agoran decision resolved
    earlier in the same Agoran week, e SHALL award that player 2
    Favours in the Party holding Participaiton.

  Any player CAN spend shinies equal to the Favour Value to gain a
  Favour in the Party holding Economy.

  As part of eir weekly duties, the Clork SHALL award, to the
  Advisor of a Politician holding one of the below offices, 3
  Favours in the corresponding Party:

  - Loner: Platonic Isolationists

  - Drunk: New Punchbowl Reformers

  - Mystery: Costume Conservatives

  - Wild One: Substance Use Liberals

  - Hat Rack: Official Raving Monster Looney Party
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
    power: 1
  date: 2017-11-21
  agent:
    proposal: "7968"
annotations: []
