id: 2551
name: Auction End
power: 1
text: |
  An Auction ends 7 days after its initiation, or immediately if no
  bid has been placed or withdrawn in the last 96 hours, or
  immediately if it is terminated.

  When an Auction ends, any bid placed by an entity which does not
  own enough of the Auction's currency to pay the amount specified
  in the bid is automatically withdrawn.

  Once an Auction has ended, any further attempts to bid on that
  Auction or to withdraw bids from that Auction are INEFFECTIVE.

  Once the Auction has ended, the Auction's announcer SHALL announce
  the end of the Auction in a timely fashion. In the same message, e
  SHALL include the a list of all the bids on the Auction and the
  winner(s) (if there are any) of the Auction.

  A person's priority on an Auction is their position in the list of
  persons who have bid on the Auction, sorted by the value of their
  non-withdrawn bids in descending order. If two persons have placed
  non-withdrawn bids for the same value, a player who placed their
  non-withdrawn bid first has a higher priority than a player who
  placed their non-withdrawn bid at a later time.

  For each lot in the Auction, the winner of that lot is the player
  with the highest priority on the Auction who has not won any
  previous lot. If there are more lots than there are persons with
  non-withdrawn bids, the excess lots are not won by any person.

  The winner of the lot SHALL, in a timely fashion, pay a fee (the
  number of the Auction's currency equal to eir bid) to the
  Auctioneer in order to satisfy eir auction debt. When e does so,
  if the auctioneer CAN transfer the items in that lot to that
  winner at will, e immediately does so; otherwise, e SHALL do so in
  a timely fashion.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
    power: 1
  date: 2017-11-26
  agent:
    proposal: "7975"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2018-04-27
  agent:
    proposal: "8041"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2018-11-12
  agent:
    proposal: "8113"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2019-07-23
  agent:
    proposal: "8192"
annotations:
- cfjs:
  - id: '3615'
    called: 2017-11-27
  text: >
    An auction normally ends immediately after its initiation, since, at its
    commencement, no bid was placed or withdrawn in the previous 96 hours.
