id: 2561
name: Asset Generation with Facilities
power: 2
text: |
  When an Production or Processing facility creates assets, the
  assets are added to the facility's possession. The rule that
  creates an Production or Processing facility CAN specify a
  carrying capacity for assets. If, at any time, the amount of an
  asset in the possession of an Production or Processing facility
  exceeds that asset's carrying capacity, an amount of that asset is
  destroyed until the amount of that asset in the possession of the
  facility is equal to its carrying capacity.

  At the end of every Agoran Week, Agora creates a number of assets
  in a Production facility specified by the rule which creates the
  facility.

  At the end of every Agoran Week, Agora destroys any refinable
  assets in the possession of each Processing facility that that
  facility can change into refined assets and replaces them with a
  corresponding number of refined assets to be specified by the rule
  that creates the facility.

  A player can take a number of assets from an Production or
  Processing facility's inventory by announcement if eir location is
  the same as the facility's and the following criteria are met:
     1. if the facility is built on unconserved Public Land, none.
     2. if the facility is built on preserved Public Land and less
        than four days have passed since assets were created in the
        facility most recently, e must not have taken any assets
        from the inventory of another facility located on a
        preserved Land Unit within this Agoran week.
     3. if the facility is built on Communal Land, e must be a party
        to that contract and the text of the contract must permit em
        to do so.
     4. if the facility is built on Private Land, e must own the
        facility, or the owner must have consented.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
    power: 2
  date: 2018-02-23
  agent:
    proposal: "8014"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2018-03-23
  agent:
    proposal: "8025"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2018-04-27
  agent:
    proposal: "8033"
annotations: []
