id: 2581
name: Official Patent Titles
power: 1
text: |
  The following Patent Titles CAN be awarded by the indicated
  Officers with 2 Agoran consent.  In order to balance the history,
  dignity, spontaneity, and serendipity of the awards, the Herald,
  Speaker, and Prime Minister are STRONGLY ENCOURAGED to provide
  their support or objections, and reasons for doing so, reasonably
  quickly after any such intents are announced.

   - Tapecutter, awardable by the Rulekeepor to the author of an
     adopted proposal that significantly reduces, streamlines, or
     simplifies the ruleset.

   - Scamster, awardable by the Referee to any player who has shown
     great enthusiasm, persistence, or skill in the perpetrating of
     scams without breaking any Rules.

   - Hard Labor, awardable by the ADoP to any player who holds 2+
     offices for 3+ continous months while performing eir official
     duties in a timely and conscientious manner that promotes the
     gameplay of the office.

   - MacGyver, awardable by the Assessor to the author of an adopted
     proposal that fixes serious bugs in the ruleset, especially if
     the fix uses existing rules text in novel and unexpected ways,
     or to a judge for similarly using rules text to resolve an
     apparent bug without the need for legislative action.

   - Bard, by Speaker the award should given be, to persons who
     publish repeated creative wit or poetry.

   - Necromancer, awardable by the Registrar to any player who makes
     such sufficient persistent legal use of zombies that rules need
     to be amended to prevent such practices.

   - Tycoon, awardable by the Treasuror to any player who executes a
     novel economic or contractual enterprise that has a significant
     impact on the game, especially if it involves leveraging
     synergies for win-win outcomes for the benefit of multiple
     players.

   - Helping Hand, awardable by any Officer to any person not
     holding that office who puts substantial labor into aiding in
     the duties of that office, without consideration of any other
     reward they might receive.
     
   - Tiger Team, awardable by any Officer to any player who points
     out a usable rules bug that would directly provide em with a
     strong game advantage if e used it, but proposes a fix without
     attempting to use the bug.

  The Herald is also ENCOURAGED to proactively recommend or, as
  otherwise permitted, award these titles when appropriate,
  especially if the potential awardee is the officer emself.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2018-10-27
  agent:
    proposal: "8109"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2019-04-27
  agent:
    proposal: "8171"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2019-09-05
  agent:
    proposal: "8221"
