id: 2593
name: Space Battles
power: 1
text: |
  Two players are "allied" if they agree to be allied or if one is
  the master of the other; otherwise they are "opponents". For the
  purposes of this rule, agreement includes both consent and
  agreement specified by contract.

  A player who owns a Pilotable Spaceship in the same Sector as one
  of eir opponents' Pilotable Spaceships CAN, by announcement,
  initiate a Space Battle between the two Spaceships. These two
  players are the "combatants" of the Space Battle, and the two
  Spaceships are then "engaging" in the Space Battle until it is
  resolved.

  A Space Battle CANNOT be initiated if either of the two involved
  Spaceships has been engaging in a Space Battle within the last 24
  hours or if the prior Space Battle the spaceship initiating the
  Space Battle has been in was against the spaceship it is
  attacking.

  The resolver for a Space Battle is the player highest in the
  following list at the time of the Space Battle's initiation who is
  not a combatant in the Space Battle:

  1) the Astronomor;
  2) the Arbitor;
  3) the Prime Minister;
  4) the non-combatant active player who has least recently
     registered.

  For the initiation of a Space Battle to be EFFECTIVE, the
  initiator must correctly specify the resolver.

  In a timely fashion after a Space Battle is initiated, the
  combatants SHOULD each once communicate to the resolver the amount
  of Energy they wish to spend in the battle, via any method that
  cannot be understood by the other combatant until e has also
  fulfilled this obligation. For example:

  * by publishing a salted cryptographic hash, and revealing its
    text after the other combatant has also communicated the Energy
    e will spend;
  * by sending the amount to the resolver in a private message;
  * by publishing the amount, if the other combatant has already
    communicated the Energy e will spend.

  For the resolver to reveal the Energy a combatant is spending
  before both combatants have made their decisions is the Class-5
  Crime of Violating General Relativity.

  After both combatants have communicated the Energy they will
  spend, or if the time limit to do so has expired, the resolver
  CAN, and SHALL in a timely fashion, resolve the Space Battle by
  announcing the changes in each Spaceship's Energy balance and
  Armour (described below), and the Winner (if any) of the Space
  Battle.

  When a Space Battle is resolved:

  1) N Energy is revoked from each Spaceship, where N is the lesser
     of the Spaceship's Energy balance and the amount of Energy
     decided on by the Spaceship's owner, or 0 if the Spaceship's
     owner failed to do so;
  2) each Spaceship's Armour is decreased by X, where X is the
     lesser of the Spaceship's Armour and the amount of Energy
     revoked from the other Spaceship;
  3) the Winner of the Space Battle is the combatant, if any, whose
     Spaceship's Armour was reduced by a smaller amount than the
     other Spaceship's.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2019-01-15
  agent:
    proposal: "8140"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2019-01-29
  agent:
    proposal: "8149"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2019-01-29
  agent:
    proposal: "8151"
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2010-02-22
  agent:
    proposal: "8157"