---
name: Assets
history:
- Reenacted by Proposal 7859 (Aris, G., o, nichdel, Publius Scribonius Scholasticus)
text: |
  An asset is an entity defined as such by a rule (hereafter its backing
  document), and existing solely because its backing document defines its
  existence.

  Each asset has exactly one owner.  If an asset would otherwise
  lack an owner, it is owned by Agora.  If an asset's backing document restricts
  its ownership to a class of entities, then that asset CANNOT be gained by or
  transferred to an entity outside that class, and is destroyed if it is owned
  by an entity outside that class (except for Agora, in which case any player
  CAN transfer or destroy it without objection). The restrictions in the
  previous sentence are subject to modification by its backing document.

  Unless modified by an asset's backing document, ownership of an asset is
  restricted to Agora, persons, and organizations.

  An organization's charter CAN specify whether or not that organization is
  willing receive assets or a class of assets. Generally, an organization CANNOT
  be given assets its charter states that it is unwilling to receive. The
  previous provisions of this paragraph do not apply to an asset if the
  organization is required to provide that asset in order to continue existing.

  The recordkeepor of a class of assets is the entity (if any)
  defined as such by, and bound by, its backing document.  That
  entity's report includes a list of all instances of that class
  and their owners.  This portion of that entity's report is
  self-ratifying.

  An asset generally CAN be destroyed by its owner by
  announcement, subject to modification by its backing document. An
  indestructible asset is one defined as such by it backing document, and CANNOT
  be destroyed except by a rule specifically addressing the destruction of
  indestructible assets or that asset in particular; any other asset is
  destructible. In circumstances where another asset would be
  destroyed, an indestructible asset is generally transferred to Agora, subject
  to modification by its backing document and the intervention of other rules.

  To "lose" an asset is to have it destroyed from one's
  possession; to "revoke" an asset from an entity is to destroy it
  from that entity's possession.

  An asset generally CAN be transferred (syn. payed, given) by its owner to
  another entity by announcement, subject to modification by its backing
  document.  A fixed asset is one defined as such by its backing
  document, and CANNOT be transferred; any other asset is liquid.

  A currency is a class of asset defined as such by its backing document.
  Instances of a currency with the same owner are fungible.

  The "x balance of an entity", where x is a currency, is the number of x that
  entity possesses. If a rule, proposal, or other competent authority attempts
  to increase or decrease the balance of an entity without specifying a source
  or destination, then the currency is created or destroyed.

  Where it resolves ambiguity, the asset or currency being referred to is the
  currency designated as "Agora's official currency", if there is one.

  Amendments to a backing document shall not be construed to alter, transfer,
  destroy, or otherwise effect any assets defined by that document, unless
  that is their clear intent.

  Assets are always public. [To provide for private contract based assets later]
id: 2166
rev: 1
power: 2
annotations: []
