---
name: Regulations
history:
- Created by Proposal 7865 (Aris, o, nichdel, ais523), 27 June 2017
- Amended(1) by Proposal 7888 "BILLY MAYS HERE" (o, V.J. Rada), 26 September 2017
- Amended(2) by Proposal 7925 "Safety Regulations v2" (Aris, Alexis), 22 October 2017
text: |
  A Regulation is an textual entity defined as such by this rule. A regulation
  allows an officer (known as the Promulgator) to exercise rule defined powers.
  A regulation is in effect continuously from the time of its creation to the
  time of either its revocation or the repeal of the rule that allowed for its
  creation. When recommending a regulation, its Promulgator must specify by
  number the rule(s) upon which it is based (the parent rules), the list of
  which becomes an integral part of the regulation. The list of rules can
  generally be modified by the Promulgator according to the procedure for text
  changes.

  A regulation must be authorized by at least one rule in order for it to exist.
  A regulation has effect on the game (only) insofar as the rule or rules that
  authorized it permit it to have effect. If reasonably possible, a regulation
  should be interpreted so as to defer to other rules. The procedure for
  resolving conflict between regulations is the same as it is for rules (for the
  purposes of resolving conflicts only, a regulation is treated as if it
  had the power of its least powerful parent rule).

  Regulations are generally issued according to the following procedures,
  and they can be repealed by the announcement of their Promulgator. Alternate
  procedures may be used if provided for by all of the regulations's parent
  rules. If one parent rule specifies procedures that are more stringent than
  those that the other(s) specifies, those apply. Creating, modifying, revoking,
  or allowing for a regulation is secured at power 1.

  A regulation (or set of regulations), authorized by another
  rule, CAN generally be enacted or modified by its promulgator
  without 2 objections, or with Agoran consent. A notice pursuant
  to the previous sentence is known as a "recommendation", and
  the regulation(s) are said to be "recommended" to Agora.
id: 2493
rev: 2
power: 3.1
annotations: []
