id: AM0
name: Generalized Auction
text: |
  Generalized auctions exist to give context to the form of other
  types of auctions. They CANNOT be held directly. Other auction
  methods that use this type of auction as a starting point can
  override attributes of generalized auctions except when it is
  explicitly stated that that attribute is not able to be
  overridden.

  INITIATION: When a person CAN begin an auction by this or any
  derivative method, e CAN only do so by specifying the type of
  auction method to be held, a list of lots to be auctioned off, and
  the currency for the auction in a public message (henceforth the
  "initiation message"). The bidding period starts at this point.

  BIDDING: Players CAN place a bid on an auction in its bidding
  period by creating a public message (henceforth a "bid message")
  specifying an amount of that auction's currency. Players CAN
  withdraw from an open auction by announcement.

  EXCLUSIVITY: Bids in an auction are grouped into classes of that
  auction. Unless otherwise specified, all bids in a given auction
  are in a single class. A bid CANNOT be made if, in the class it
  would be in, another bid already exists with the bid amount of the
  hypothetical bid.

  TERMINATION: The bidding period ends four days after the final
  instance of any of the following events' occurance:
    * the auction begins
    * a bid is placed
    * a player withdraws from the auction

  RETRIEVAL: When the bidding period ends, the retrieval period
  begins. During the retrieval period, bidders will be allowed to
  retrieve the assets required to pay for their bid. The retrieval
  period lasts three days. Failing to have the requisite assets when
  the retrieval period for an auction ends constitutes the Class 1
  Crime of Underfundedness.

  AWARDING: For each auction, there are a number of awardees equal
  to the number of lots. The Nth lot of an auction goes to the Nth
  awardee of that auction. If the identity of an awardee is
  undecidable, then that lot cannot be given away. Auction methods
  specify how awardees are picked for auctions using that method.

  PAYMENT AMOUNT: The amount that an awardee in an auction is
  required to pay for eir lot is, unless otherwise specified, the
  amount of the auction's curency specified in eir highest bid on
  that auction.

  FUNDED PLAYERS: Derivative auction methods should ensure that only
  players who, at the end of an auction's retrieval period, have at
  least as much of that auction's currency as the amount that e is
  required to pay in that auction (hereafter "funded players") can
  be selected as awardees for auctions using that auction method.

  RESOLUTION: The auctioneer for an auction SHALL, during that
  auction's retrieval period, create a public message (henceforth
  the "resolution message") that contains a full history of bids on
  the auction and withdrawals from the auction. It must also clearly
  indicate who each awardee would be if all players were funded, as
  well as the lot each one would recieve. Failing to publish a
  resolution message constitutes the Class 3 Crime of Auction
  Negligence.

  DISTRIBUTION: In a timely fashion after the retrieval period for
  an auction ends, that auction's auctioneer CAN and SHALL, for each
  awardee in that auction, destroy the amount to be paid from the
  inventory of that awardee and transfer to that player (or create
  in eir possession if the item is new) the set of assets associated
  with the lot e won. Failing to create or transfer items as
  described in this paragraph constitutes the Class 3 Crime of
  Auction Abandonment.

  ACTIVE BIDS: The set of active bids for an auction is the set of
  all funded, non-withdrawn players' highest bids on that auction.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2020-08-08
  agent:
    person: Trigon
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2021-03-28
  agent:
    person: Trigon
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2021-05-05
  agent:
    person: Trigon
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2021-08-02
  agent:
    person: Trigon
- change:
    type: amendment
  date: 2021-08-30
  agent:
    person: Trigon
