id: BT29
name: Survivor 2021
text: |
  #0 Participation

  The Host is the Herald. Any other player of Agora CAN become a
  Contestant by announcement any time before the game starts. If the
  Host is a Contestant, Player, and/or Ghost, e ceases to be.

  The Host CAN start the game by announcement. At the time of the
  announcement, all Contestants become Survivors.

  Any Contestant may quit by announcement, and cease being a
  Contestant, Survivor, and/or Ghost. The Host CAN, by announcement,
  cause a specified Contestant who has not posted a public message
  in 7 days to cease to be a Survivor and become a Ghost.

  #1 Winning

  The winner is the Contestant who Outlasts all other Contestants. A
  Contestant outlasts all other Contestants if e is the only
  Survivor.

  #2 Teams

  When the game starts, the host SHALL announce the teams. E may
  choose teams however e wants, as long as they are even in number
  of contestants (plus or minus 1).

  #3 Rounds

  A Round is 7 days from a Monday through a Sunday. Monday through
  Friday are the default Competition Period for a Round while
  Saturday through Sunday are the default Voting Period for a Round.
  The Host CAN, by announcement, end a Competition Period and start
  a Voting period early.  E SHOULD only do so when the Competition
  Period's events have clearly ended.

  The first round begins the next Monday after the game starts.
  Until the Pre-Finale, a new round starts every Monday.

  #3.1 Competitions

  Each round contains a Competition defined by a Sealed Letter that
  the Host CAN and SHALL issue, by announcement, on or before the
  Monday of the round. The Competition begins either at the
  beginning of Monday or when the Sealed Letter is issued, whichever
  is later.

  A Sealed Letter specifies a Competition's rules and Immunity
  Condition.  The Immunity Condition of a Sealed Letter:

  * SHOULD NOT encourage players to break the rules of Agora or
  commit an Agoran Crime,

  * SHOULD NOT require undo effort on the part of any one
  individual, and

  * SHOULD NOT intentionally favor one person or team.

  The Host CAN, by announcement, and SHALL grant immunity to all
  teams and all Contestant that meet the Immunity Condition.

  The Host CAN issue a Clarifying Letter by announcement. Clarifying
  Letters are binding interpretations of their corresponding Sealed
  Letters. The Host SHOULD issue a Clarifying Letter whenever e
  believes players/teams are confused, frustrated, or on the wrong
  track.

  #3.2 Voting

  During a Voting Period, each Contestant whose team is not immune
  CAN, by sending a message to the Host, Vote to Expel any
  non-immune member of eir team.

  The Host CAN, by announcement, and SHALL, by the end of the
  following Monday, Expel all non-immune Contestants who were
  specified the most by eir team. When a Contestant is Expelled, e
  ceases to be a Survivor and becomes a Ghost. E is no longer part
  of eir team.

  #Plot Holes

  The Host CAN, with Agoran Consent, amend these rules as specified.
  E SHOULD only attempt to do so to fix unintended behavior or bugs.

  #Pre-Finale

  When there are half as many Survivors as they were when the game
  started, the Host CAN, by announcement, cause the game to enter
  the Pre-Finale.

  During the Pre-Finale, the current round, if any, immediately ends
  and no new rounds can begin.

  During the Pre-Finale, the Host and any Survivor CAN publish a
  Finale Script, specifying a set of changes to make to the rules of
  this game.  Contestants CAN, by announcement, support a Finale
  Script. The Host CAN, by announcement, veto a specified Finale
  Script. If a Finale Script has not been veto'd, and has support of
  either more than half of all Ghosts or more than half of all
  Contestants, then the Host CAN and SHALL apply it, causing the
  changes it describes to happen to these rules.

  If at least one Finale Script has been applied and it has been at
  least 7 days since the Pre-Finale began, the Host CAN by
  announcement begin the Finale.

  #Finale

  During the Finale, all Contestants CAN, by sending a message to
  the Host, vote on a specified Survivor. When all Contestants have
  voted, or 7 days after the Finale began, the Host CAN announce the
  Survivor who received the most votes, and Expel all other
  Survivors.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2021-07-02
  agent:
    person: nix
