id: FT4
name: General Guidelines
text: |
  This regulation only contains general guidelines that SHOULD be
  followed during the course of this tournament.

  Pre-Proposals should be suggested with the input of multiple
  players and attempt to embody the Agoran Subgame Principles
  (listed below). Heavy iteration is encouraged, and all players
  should voice their likes and dislikes of certain mechanics and
  gameplay loops in each Pre-Proposal.

  Finalizing should be attempted on any Pre-Proposal that lacks
  criticism for a week. Such criticism should focus on gameplay
  effects rather than specific wording, as proofreading can be done
  at the conclusion of the tournament. The tournament is a place for
  brainstorming a large amount of varying ideas and cutting away at
  anything that wouldn't work in service of finding viable ideas
  that also interest the Agoran population.

  Agoran Subgame Principles (including the work of ais523):

  * Nomic is a game of changing rules at its core. Subgames should
    include the proposal system and potential rule changes in their
    gameplay loop.

  * A subgame should be intuitive for new players to understand.
    Getting bogged down by complicated rules detracts from the
    experience. Don't forget this principle when it comes time to
    finalize wording.

  * Have a hook! Some kind of game, genre, or theme for the subgame
    to build around as it changes. There should be clear places to
    add on but no indication of exactly what should be added. Let
    players direct their creativity into the subgame.

  * A subgame shouldn't be too fast or too slow. The generally
    accepted agoran participation minimum is once a week to keep up
    with everything.  This isn't to say gameplay must be limited to
    once a week or can't be less frequent, but it is a good starting
    point to base any time constraints on.

  * Utilize existing mechanics (Radiance, Stamps, Tabled Actions,
    the boulder.) Having the subgame be interconnected with the rest
    of the rules gives players more reasons to care about it.

  * A subgame should be straightforward for an officer to track. The
    ideal amount of officer work is zero, but if a subgame is poorly
    optimized, an officer might have to take an hour to make a
    report.  Consider example gameplay for officer workflow, and
    include intuitive mechanics that only need a few things to be
    tracked.

  * Avoid "grindy" subgames. Having to take an action every week can
    cause players that miss a week to fall behind and lose interest.
    New players should be able to engage with subgame without
    feeling hopeless.

  * Start simple. The subgame can get more complex as rules are
    added and dominant strategies are discovered and changed. Making
    a complicated subgame immediately will make it harder for
    players to engage. Lean on easily understood gameplay loops and
    existing mechanics if you must include something complex. The
    average agoran should be able to grasp the subgame within a few
    minutes of reading the rules.

  * Aim for emergent gameplay. If the optimal move is easy to
    calculate, there's not much point in playing a game. The
    uncertainty of proposals in your subgame can help remedy this.

  * See if you can include burst-style gameplay in your subgame.
    Planning out the perfect move and then executing it is a tried
    and true Agoran gameplay loop. Give players things to plan for
    and think about in advance, and allow for explosive combos.

  * Consider if you want the subgame to be competitive or not.
    Losing progress on a win has to feel fair. Determine how often a
    player can win your subgame. If wins happen more than once a
    quarter it may make wins less valuable. Strike a balance that
    makes the win hard, but achievable by perhaps a few players.
    Don't leave out players that are behind in a subgame.

  * Make your subgame accessible for players that have to become
    inactive, or can't be available certain days. If players have to
    miss important events, they should be able to play despite that.
    Avoid timing scams.

  * Think outside the box! Don't be afraid try something that
    wouldn't fit in the current Agoran framework. It's changed
    before, after all. Emphasize creativity, originality, and fun
    above all else! We'll find a way to implement it if players want
    it.

  Players are encouraged to form committees for coming up with great
  ideas in order to win the tournament. Group chats for quick
  brainstorming and rapid-fire ideas are recommended.
history:
- change:
    type: enactment
  date: 2025-03-26
  agent:
    tournament_init:
      name: "Subgame Ideas"
      person: snail
